---
layout: post
title: CALA Awards 2022-2023
date: 2023-05-25T22:06:26.058Z
---
D﻿ear colleagues, please join us to congratulate our CALA award recipients for this year!



**CALA 2022-2023 Outstanding Library Leadership Award in Memory of Dr. Margaret Chang Fung**

Haipeng Li

 

**CALA 2022-2023 Distinguished Service Award**

Hong Yao

 

**CALA Scholarship of Library and Information Science**

Hannah Gershone (CALA) - Hannah Gershone recently graduated with her M.S. in Environmental Studies from the University of Oregon and will be pursuing her MLIS at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill this fall.

Vivian Poon (SAGE) - Vivian Poon is a Clerk at the John A. Weir Law Library who is currently pursuing an MLIS at the University of Alberta.

Ken Lui (SAGE) - Ken Lui is a current Master of Information student at the University of Toronto.

 

**Sheila Suen Lai Scholarship of Library and Information Science**

Judy Low - Judy Low: Judy Low is currently a Library Assistant at the Pasadena Public Library and will begin her MLIS at the University of Washington this fall.

 

**Huang Tso-ping and Wu Yao-yu Research and Scholarship**

老师：陈一 (Chen Yi)

两名学生：刘妍 (Liu Yan)，权谦 (Quan Qian)



**The CALA Jing Liao Award for the Best Research**

Ping Fu

Fu, P., Blackson, M., Valentino, M. (2022). Developing research data management services in\
a regional comprehensive university: The case of Central Washington University. IFLA Journal,\
34003522211169–. https://doi.org/10.1177/03400352221116923.

 

**Sally S. Tseng Professional Development Grant**

Feng-Ru Sheu

Prof. Sheu’s work will improve library instruction through research and innovative pedagogical approaches. The Tseng Grant will provide her the crucial support to gain a better understanding of the flipped classroom approach and its best practices in the context of library instruction.

 

**Sheila Suen Lai Research Grant Award**

Shiyi Xie

"Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion (EDI) Initiatives and Canadian Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) Academic Librarianship: Current Status and Practices"